stream streaming to YouTube
you
a-okay excellent
and let us record
excellent hello everyone and welcome to
the ipfs weekly meeting where we get to
see all the cool stuff that's being
built in the ipfs community
today's guest is Kevin Wong and Kevin
Wong is the organiser of the Schengen
and Hong Kong proto school chapters if
I'm not mistaken and he attends every
community meeting so he's very active in
ipfs and he's gonna talk a bit about
what he's observed in his meetups in the
proto school meetups and we're really
happy to see Kevin so let's clap for
Kevin or thumbs up and well why don't we
begin
ah one moment and while Kevin is setting
up if everyone who's attending could put
their name in the ipfs weekly call
agenda that would be great so I put it
in a chat and if it can everyone just
put their name and they'll be wonderful
okay so are you ready to begin now Kevin
yeah good awesome
excellent so I would just share my
screen first okay can you see yes we can
okay so I'll just speak in
okay hello everyone my name is Kevin so
today I'm going to talk about the our
ipfs Hong Kong community actually I'm I
live in Hong Kong so I I organized the
ipfs community here and I just do a
little bit introduction on myself my
name is Kevin and I'm a be math graduate
from the University of Waterloo Canada
and I'm currently working at common dog
training community name peak work I'm a
community manager there and I also
organize ipfs Hong Kong community here
in ops and as well as the proto school
Hong Kong and some change chapters and
let me talk about a little bit about big
work we are actually a blockchain
community our based company here which
enable all the poaching companies in the
community to leverage their unknown
market value while also providing the
individuals with a sex to poaching
technology or experience opportunities
to help all parties in the book we also
give back to the community to build an
ecosystem of the mutual help in as a big
work a building community here in Hong
Kong we also provide the solutions and
also services to the traditional
companies and let them to have some
transition to any boxing opportunities
this a little bit more about big work we
also hold some a lot of torching events
here we did some hackathons with the
finance and we have a lot of communities
here who are all related to the boxing
communities and they all join our our
space here and then the holy events here
and then we cooperate to work together
and we also provide our some boxing
courses are like some kind of
certificate courses in in boxing
education here and people come and then
join the cause and then they get a
certificate or buy a big work and also
are the government as well so that's all
about the company that I work for and
now I'm gonna talk about the Hong Kong
ipfs community we actually started our
community in early 2018 and then we have
around a hundred members here and then
we do host regular meal ups and then
events here to our provider our members
the latest news of the ipfs and then as
well as the education and promotion we
are working on the education of
promotion together with the proto school
we did some of the translation for the
EFS official as well and I think some of
the video as well and last year we are
on October we had our first Hong Kong
ipfs Mela and we actually invited our
guests from Beijing China whose name is
at tangy
dome I think he's the one of the
earliest our developer who bring the
ipfs topic into China like a year and a
half so he is like the expert of ipfs in
China so we invited him to come to Hong
Kong and then give the members of the
communities are very detailed and
technical or hassle about IVFs and
Falcone and then I think the feedback
was really good
and he's showing a lot of attention and
interest are from the community and
after the first minute we actually
attend Murphy summit in Berlin last year
October and we actually attend a lot of
the talks and then workshops there too I
mean I explore more and then to give
more informations to our communities
here in Hong Kong we also had EC we had
the talk from John Bennett and then he
still he was telling us what is the web
fee combination of fe and we actually
bring all this information back to the
communities and just run a week ago and
we had a second Hong Kong I've ever
asked me love and I think our that was
quite informative our from from from
that meal of the meet up meet ups
because Falcone just had a big update
and then the Deaf black are there have
been have been just open to the public's
so we had a lot of updates to them to
the to the communities about latest ipfs
up day and also the about the Falcone's
our latest update more a movement and
that's the first part of the IP FS meter
and then the second part we actually
invited a few of the mining machines and
manufacturers from China and then you
may notice there are acquire numbers of
mining machine manufacturers in China
they are all focusing on like mining
Falcone desiring the mining machines for
Falcone so I think the reason why we
invited them to come to the meetup is
that we want you
let everyone know that the ecosystem the
money machines in the ecosystem is very
important and then we actually wanted
them to tell us why they invested so
much time and money into the developing
of the money machines so that's why and
then we actually have the one table
discussion by them and then there was a
really really successful successful and
in the last last part we actually
introduced our polish school Hong Kong
chapters to the to their members and we
didn't really try all the chapters but
we actually bring our message from polio
school just how we want to promote ipfs
and also Falcon to the public
so just to let everyone know the the
education is actually actually very
important to gather more people to to
get more attention so this is actually
one of our models that we are promoting
to the community members so I as a Hong
Kong activist community I think we are
quite different from those are
communities in China I think most of the
communities in China ipfs communities in
China they focus on falcon and also the
mining mining machines but then for us I
think the whole whole ecosystem are also
in this is more important than just the
mining machines so we decided to promote
with this model is like they are all
equally important so we are telling
people that our storage providers the
miner is very important in the ecosystem
as well as the developers also the
end-users and the corporate corporate
users so I think with all the
three parties in the ecosystem working
together then the whole project will be
successful so what we are currently
working on polo school or Hong Kong in
Assumption chapter or weii we get the
assumption genetic because Hong Kong
ipfs community we also have along 30 to
40 percent of the members are they are
from coming from sunshine we only like
turning minutes from the border that's
why I think Hong Kong assumption can
work together for their produce school
chapters so we actually first introduced
other photo school or to their Hong Kong
IVFs community first and then now we
cooperate with the big world to hold
small event in the future we have the
great support from the people and in
China we have another co-working space
called Reapers to support supporters for
the event later on and where I am now
what I'm now currently working on is are
trying to produce some teaching material
about IP right a BFS and distribute
storage solution in the form of video
audio to the topics or to the boxing
media platform and as well as I'm
cooperating with the professor and
naturist from the Gaggia City and
College in Hong Kong and some chain to
hold some lectures to promote ifs and
also the distribute storage solution as
well so talking about our they are
University and college we actually set
up a workshop in the school in the in
the coming weeks our next Saturday we
will host a TFS workshop in the coming
week with one of their Hong Kong
University so this is like
workshop 101 so the the target target
student
they may not be some programmer or a
very experienced developer they are like
they are all interested in ipfs and
that's why we decided to hold a workshop
for them and then cooperate with the
professor and lecturers I think with
this workshop working with the
university if we get more feedback
positive feedback we work on more
universities and then organize more
seminars to promote paluska and IVFs and
in the school and also to the public as
well
and those are all from the Hong Kong
community si but we have collating with
the China and community as well we
actually attend a lot of the ipfs
training communities milla all events in
China as well I think over the years
they they had already are organized over
100 events or meet up all for the China
they did all the promotion education
translation or over Chinese and then
they're very very active are doing all
these all these stuff and with the
talking about the Falcon our Catholic
just are open to the public and I know
some of the community members they are
working on the mining machines they are
getting a very are actively participate
in the definite development they also I
think like you can see a lot of the
notes the Falcon active notes from China
some of the regions of the China and
then I think they have a lot of machines
or our servers they're ready getting
ready for the large-scale test net in
the quarter - as well so talking about
our contribution
I have to mention this gentleman whose
name is ty Jana
he's from Beijing China I think he is a
very experienced developer in Beijing
China and he has been studying working
on the ipfs the p2p a lot of other cold
for for more than a year and then he
after way after the Falcone published a
flat on February 15 he actually he was
the only one to did all the translation
from the from the github and then he
actually created the definite practical
tutorial for all Chinese developers up
to now he actually he creates he had
rode along four chapters here you can
see so those are all free extra detailed
and for all the Chinese are developers
they can all set up their Falcone note
and learn everything from the from his
tutorial and he has within his own
protocol tutorials about a tough life
for the Chinese developer and published
published them on most of the Chinese
our mainstream media and and over Iran
over 10,000 peoples have been looking
for his page as well and then he he
really hope that can help more newcomers
to get start to join the Falcon
developing project and he also assists
with the teaching materials and
experience for the proto school as well
so I've been in touch with him and also
the organizer from the Polo School
Shanghai so we we are looking at to
develop some
some more materials that we can actually
promote ipfs to the public so let's see
if we can work on together like Beijing
Shanghai Shenzhen Hong Kong all together
to just uh make our thing mcfingers
looks better and this is I think the
protocol Shang to those put on school
Shanghai they just hold the first minute
up on the 26th February and then there
was host by our two parties and then
they will host another event in I think
in March very soon as well and yeah so I
think that's pretty much from me and
then those are some questions and
projects are the concerns from the
community they may thing they think are
they have some questions to they ask if
the Falcon project on time and then
there are sometimes there are scams or
all over the country so there is some
conscience concerns from them and then
actually they want to know that if we
can have like more interaction from from
from the team and then their anytime
soon the team are painting a visit to
the Asia as well yeah in yeah I think
that's all for me thank you thank you
Kevin that was so great and I was in a
lightning presentation do we have any
questions or comments questions or
comments you could put them in the boot
chat
I have a question can you tell me in the
ipfs meetups can you tell me what aspect
are people the most curious about when
it comes to ipfs like what do they want
to learn more about to be honest are
they they all come for Falcone
but actually they I think apart from
Falcone they'd be very curious about how
ipfs can change the world and how ipfs
can like we pace HTTP in in any possible
ways like how can i PFS can change their
current storage solutions tren that's
great
are there any particular projects that
you know on the top of your head where
people are using ipfs to come up with
storage solutions yes
actually like currently I'm working with
the school the university say ah and
I'll share my screen if you don't mind
please please do
okay yep
so maybe this is on all from all Chinese
this is calm actors oh I just heard this
are from the school they don't have an
English here but then are they are
actually a platform for people that are
they discussed a space for people that
they discuss and then they actually they
are a group of student they are working
on other news and they wanna pace to
discuss their solutions and and chechi
check and I was actually surprised that
they actually put this on ipfs or they
know all the information of ipfs because
those students are they are from the arm
translating faculty are there they're
studying news reporter they're like they
want to be news reporter so they know
that news is very important or to to
keep it permanent because like news can
be deleted sometimes if you saw it on
like a normal server or in some country
it may happen to like book by the
government as well so I think those
student they are very are smart like
they fit they know ipfs is one of the
citizens for them yeah I think this is a
really really interesting project like
okay this is the students who actually
started this project which I am
currently working on with their workshop
that's like thank you I think you
already answered this question but I'll
ask it again
this is from that is the interest in
your region primarily driven by file
coin or people interested in ipfs itself
and I guess your region would be hong
kong and genders yes hong kong i think
like in china or let's say in China I
think
most of their interests are from Falcone
for Falcone but then they know that
Falcone have to work with ipfs so so so
that's why they still still are quite a
lot of interests are for my PFS asthma
so they are like sticking together like
in in China but in Hong Kong I think are
not as much as people know about Falcone
so now I'm the only one our talk talking
I mean promoting I have us here in Hong
Kong yeah thank you thank you Kevin
thank you Matt for the question and
Molly's question is she's curious about
Hong Kong's interest in ipfs file coin
compared to interest in other storage
protocol crypto tokens are there some
notable differences and how and why the
community is interested my guess this is
comparing Hong Kong's interest with
other coins and other distributed
protocols yeah I think yeah because
there are not much interest about other
district bill protocols in Hong Kong
actually oh I think the other one could
draw some attention is Sean yeah because
John is working with the bit touring and
they have like big Neos I and then but I
don't see that I don't see there are a
lot of interests from the communities
that and then
yeah and then I think ipfs like for my
for my weal and for my what wise so it
it has a lot more interest than other
pouched project in Hong Kong
yeah excellent thank you and how is the
this is from Dan and how is the
so-called Great Wall firewall China
working with ipfs as a distributed
global network is there or any
expectations that ipfs will be blocked
note or
- wow this is a good question from then
actually for Hong Kong there's no file
okay firewall just did the firewalls for
China only
so no matter what happen in China I
think ipfs and Falcone will work
perfectly in Hong Kong so but then
that's a good question from then a lot
of people in China they're worrying
about the Great Firewall in China and
from now what we already know that are
there are the the computers or the
servers if you use are they cannot if
you put it at home you cannot do any
mining cannot collect to the ipfs and
then cannot my any falcon at home at
their at their their household so that's
why in china they have to use some kinds
of the like they have to put it in the
CDN IDC the professional company with
their very expensive set up so China a
lot of people still worrying about this
if they can do all the knocks and then
miners in China so they do it will be a
quite a big problem so I will I'll be
I'll be happy to know as well if our
protocol apps have any like pains or or
or sellout for like specific for China's
firewall yeah interesting the next
question is are you mentioned about
scams yes so how how do groups ipfs
protocol or groups dealing with file
coring those technologies how did he
spot scams and how do they prevent fans
yes for us because like we are the only
one here talking about ipfs - so we are
the only community here are actually
like scams is people that I think
there's only one scams like like one
type of scam it's like people selling
mining machines and then telling them
you can mine Falcone now so this is a
really really long sentence like yeah so
so there's times that Niels are already
reporting people are God's scam and then
and then got cheated by a lot of for a
lots of money as well so that this is
actually nails on the newspaper are so I
think with the news reporting reporter
and we already know who is doing the
right thing or who is doing the wrong
thing yeah how do you think these scams
can be mitigated in the future oh yeah
this yeah I think to be honest the Tim
protocol apps have to be more or active
on like getting some planners or like
working with the communities closer to
to like giving out the correct
Neels couette some some formal channel
to like all the Chinese people so like I
think Hong Kong we had one scammer who
who cheated a lot of money but in China
are there a lot more in China so so if
photographs are more active on like
working closely with other communities
then no one will dare to do this game
anymore
this is my opinion yeah they
you for mentioning that so as a
follow-up question where are the best
places that we ipfs can find partners in
Hong Kong and China like where should we
look for partners oh this is this this
have to be really really careful and you
have to consider a lot I think like oh
like in Hong Kong who I currently work
for is the biggest poaching communities
so you can check all the background
backgrounds if those you are not you are
in doubt then I think those who are in
doubt then you you have to ignore those
potential partners then you have to
check very very carefully like are there
if because a lot of communities they are
related with the mining machine
companies so if they are related with
the mining machine companies so those
can be you know they have like a benefit
with each other so it's very hard to get
one so you have to check all the
backgrounds like other communities like
like like like like us like I'm doing
the Hong Kong communities I'm one of the
very few communities that not working
with the mining mining machines company
so this is very hard to do this because
our we've dull all the communities in
China they work for the mining machine
company state and then they get other
money support from them so they can one
the command here longer and better but
for us it's quite hard because I I do
all by myself and then I I luckily I
have a company here and then and then
they give me support as well as a
washing Society yes and one more
question from Terry you mentioned
firewall doesn't apply to Hong Kong but
what about the Great Firewall China in
how does it apply to Taiwan Oh Taiwan
there is no child war as well yeah they
are there I think they are fairly open
to to internet and approaching as well
yeah well Kevin thank you very much for
your presentation thank you
um thank you for for taking notes and if
anyone's in Paris if they're part of the
etherium community conference I will be
giving a presentation introducing ipfs
during the web 3 Meetup
I will put a link in the YouTube video
and also on the notes other than that
thank you for coming and I will see you
next Monday
take care everyone bye bye